---
title: Mother Tongue Languages & Third Language
permalink: /for-parents/sec-1-e-registration-for-2024/languages/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sec 1 E Registration for 2024
---
<h4>Mother Tongue Languages in YTSS</h4><p>In YTSS, we offer all three Mother Tongue Languages, namely Chinese Language, Malay Language and Tamil Language during curriculum hours.</p><p>As your child/ward transitions to taking Mother Tongue in secondary school, you may have some questions. Before attending our webinar, you may wish to download the documents for more information Mother Tongue Languages-related issues.</p><p>&lt;document&gt;</p><p>If your child has been offered the option of pursuing Higher Mother Tongue, please indicate if he or she will be accepting the offer through All Ears portal by <strong>28 December 2023, 12 p.m.</strong></p><h4>Exemption from Mother Tongue Languages</h4><p>It is compulsory to study an official Mother Tongue Language in secondary school. For a child to be exempted from Mother Tongue Languages in secondary school, an official exemption letter from MOE needs to be provided in order for your child/ward to be exempted from Mother Tongue Languages.</p><p>1. If your child has been earlier exempted from Mother Tongue Languages in primary school, the exemption will still be valid in secondary school.</p><p>2. If your child did not take Mother Tongue during PSLE, it does not automatically mean that he or she is exempted from Mother Tongue Languages.</p><p>3. Should your child not take Mother Tongue in secondary school, he or she will not be eligible to apply for entry into a junior college at the end of his or her O Level examinations.</p><p>**If your child has been exempted from Mother Tongue Languages in primary school or did not sit for Mother Tongue during PSLE, please email our Subject Head (Chinese Language), Mr Lim Teck Chye at <a href="mailto:lim_teck_chye@schools.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">lim_teck_chye@schools.gov.sg</a> by <strong>28 December 2023, 12 p.m. </strong>with relevant supporting details (e.g. exemption letter from CPDD).**</p><h4>Offering Third Language</h4><p>If your child has been offered the option to pursue a Third Language by Ministry of Education, you will be able to see the Letter of Offer when you log into All Ears Portal.</p><p>You will be informed of the acceptance period via their offer and the acceptance should be made directly through Ministry of Education’s Language Centre’s website.</p>