---
title: Sec 1 Orientation Programme 2024
permalink: /for-parents/sec-1-e-registration-for-2024/permalink/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sec 1 E Registration for 2024
---
<h4>“Where do I need to go? How do I get there?”</h4><p>“Where is my classroom?”<br>“What if I need help?”<br>“I don’t know anyone from my primary school here!”_</p><p>It is not unusual to hear some of these questions being asked on the first day of school. After all, starting secondary school can be an awfully daunting task for many students. It is completely normal to feel lost, confused and worried as there are so many unknowns. It is with this understanding in mind that our Student Councillors have designed and put together a suite of activities to help our newly-minted YTzens feel more at ease and comfortable in their new surroundings.</p><p>Prior to the beginning of classes, our Sec 1 YTzens will be given an overview of what life in secondary school is like, from the academic aspects to social activities such as Co-Curricular Activities, referred to as our Sec 1 Orientation Programme. Our programme is designed and run by our very own Student Councillors who have been working tirelessly to put together a programme to excite our new members of the YTSS family.</p><p>Our Sec 1 Orientation Programme aims to:</p><p>a) introduce students to secondary school life,<br>b) acclimatise students to their new surroundings, and&nbsp;<br>c) provide an opportunity for students to socialise</p><p>More details of our Orientation Programme will be shared with students on the first day of school.&nbsp;</p><h4>Orientation Schedule</h4><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day 1</strong></p><p><strong>Tues, 2 Jan</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day 2</strong></p><p><strong>Wed, 3 Jan</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day 3</strong></p><p><strong>Thurs, 4 Jan</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day 4</strong></p><p><strong>Fri, 5 Jan</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Reporting Time to School</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30am</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30am</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>8.30am</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>7.30am</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>CCA Experience</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Nil</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1.30pm to 4.30pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>1.30pm to 4.30pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>2.15pm to 5pm</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Dismissal Time</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="3"><p>&nbsp;</p><p>2 Jan (Day 1): 2pm</p><p>3 &amp; 4 Jan (Days 2 &amp; 3): 4.30pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Parent-Teacher Rapport Session </strong>(For parents to know the school and staff)</p><p>6pm to 8.30pm</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p><strong>*Secondary 1 YTzens should be in the YTSS full school uniform on the first day of school.</strong></p><h4>What to bring to school?</h4><p>Students are reminded to bring the following items with them to school everyday in the first week of school:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>PE attire</p></li><li><p>Water bottle</p></li><li><p>Writing material &amp; English book for reading</p></li></ul><h4>CCA-Related Matters</h4><p>A briefing on the CCA Policy and CCA selection by the Subject Head of CCA will be conducted for Sec 1 students. CCA trials and CCA experience will be done on selected afternoons of Week 1 and Week 2.</p>